---
title: About
date: 2020-12-22T11:16:00
---

I've been a computer geek since I can remember. My first computer was an Apple
IIe that I used in third grade at school. Soon after, my dad purchased one for
my older brother and I to share. We played a game called [Lemonade
Stand](https://archive.org/details/Lemonade_Stand_1979_Apple) a lot. I got a PC
(a Zeos Pantera), saved up money for a C++ compiler, put OS/2 Warp 2.1 on it,
then Linux, and by then I was really hooked. Learned some graphics programming,
game programming, went to college and learned some great maths and large scale
systems programming.

Then I took a break, went to live in Japan and learn the culture and language.
For seven years, I spoke English rarely and tried to adjust to a very different
life. I re-learned how to listen, how to speak, how to read, and how to write. I
re-learned my place in society as an outsider and as a minority. I re-learned my
place in the world as part of a global economy, a planet-scale enterprise, and a
critical moment in our planet's history facing a new great extinction event from
man-made climate change..

While in Japan, I learned how much I love to walk and see beautiful things in
this world. I moved to California and feel in love with the Sierra Nevada range.
Now, whenever I can, I wish to spend time walking in those mountains.

Today, I'm trying to re-learn more things. How can we solve some of the problems
we've created over the years? How can we leave a better world to the next
generation? How to grow from explorers and conquerors to care-takers and
nurturers? How to achieve equity? How to be healthy in spirit and body,
individually and collectively? I'm progressive because I care about fixing the
problems of the past, not pretending things were great a long time ago. And I'm
an optimist because I believe we will overcome.

May all beings be well and happy.
