---
title: Mark Shields' Courage, Grace, and Candor
date: 2020-12-18T13:24:00-0800
description: How I learned my place in the world through Mark Shields' weekly interpretation of events.
tags: ["tribute", "Mark Shields", "news", "history", "politics"]
---

[david brooks' column]: https://www.nytimes.com/2020/12/17/opinion/mark-shields-liberalism.html

Today I read in [David Brooks' column] that Mark Shields, 83, is not going to be
making his regular appearance on the PBS NewsHour's Friday political commentary
segment. David wrote that he and Mark have been doing that segment for 19 years
and I have watched it all. In the wake of the Clinton presidency in the waning
years of the 1990s, I started college and became politically minded by watching
the 2000 presidential campaign unfold. At only 18 years old and with my limited
background, growing up the son of a small business owner in northern Virginia,
all I knew was my dad was on the side of the bosses, not the majority of people
who work for them. When George Bush was made president in 2000, I thought it was
a travesty that Al Gore, clearly the better informed, more capable candidate,
lost by a court decision that amounted to an end-run around the democratic
process. But Mark Shields, David Brooks, Judy Woodruff, Gwenn Ifill, Jim Lehrer,
Miles O'Brien, Ray Suarez, Jeffery Brown, and many others who work and
contribute to the PBS NewsHour helped me understand that people can have
differences of opinion but still like each other. That real exchange of ideas,
appreciation for opposing priorities, and rational processes can see us, one
people, through our shared trials. These people taught and continue to teach me
the values to live my life by.

Mark, you are irreplaceable. Your wit and charm are legendary. Mark, your
appreciation for what David has had to say all these years, how you've been able
to show him and all of us how at the core of liberalism is care: caring for how
every individual is treated in our society. The NewsHour is a apolitical but in
these times, one of our greatest understatements is that it's challenging to
speak with fairness to the Republican party's positions. And yet, Mark, you've
shown us all how to do it with grace.

Thank you, Mark, for sharing yourself with us. I wish to add to this tribute
over time as I reflect more on the ways you've touched my life. It's been my
dear pleasure and to the profound benefit of my mind to have listened to you all
these years.
